I just don't think
that we have time
to be doing interviews.
when we have a manuscript
to deliver in less than a month.
Yes. we have a deadline.
but marketing is important.
and Dean's Catch has
over a million subscribers.
A mil?
That's hard to believe
with a stupid name
like Dean's Catch.
Well. it used to be
a boring show
about fishing reports
and nautical maps.
until we started
solving mysteries and murders.
so. he pivoted. and cashed in.
You really don't like
this guy. do you?
I've known him for years.
He thinks
he's a real ladies' man.
but if it's good PR
for the book.
who cares if he's an ass?
Unhand me!
I have a right to be here!
Sorry. Norman.
no visitors allowed.
As President of
Ms. Chandler's fan club.
as well as
her official archivist.
it is essential for me
to be here
to document her appearance
on Dean's Catch.
I have the proper credentials.
You made that at home.
Hmm.
Allison! Oh...
dear Allison. please.
tell this villain
how I put my life in jeopardy
to save yours.
It's okay. Noah.
He can stay.
All right.
Excuse me.
They're ready
for you two inside.
Ah! And here they are.
-Hey.
Hey.
Hi. Nice to...
Nice to...
It's good to...
Yeah. so good to see you.
Detective Kerrigan.
"Jack."
I know.
Okay.
O-kay.
I'm Andi Walker.
and you already know
Allison Chandler.
Yeah. all too well.
We've always circled
the same harbor. haven't we. Al?
Plenty of wind at our sails.
but. uh...
never the right current.
But this ship sailed
10 years ago...
so I guess you're gonna
have to trim someone else's jib.
if you know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Well. we... are. uh.
always happy to discuss
our exciting new project.
And by "we."
I mean. Andi and I...
-Mm-hmm.
-not Jack and I.
not that there is
a "Jack and I" at all.
but we've shared
a casual glass of wine.
Jack is a detective.
I think he knows that.
Yeah.
Thanks. uh. for being here.
Detective Kerrigan.
Yeah. more the merrier.
-Oh. we're merry!
-Yeah.
Except when people get murdered.
which they have...
a lot.
Are you high?
Uh... okay.
Why don't the three of you
sit on this side of the table?
-That's a good idea.
-Yeah. let's go.
Ahem.
Mocha soy whip...
extra whip.
Jules. you're a lifesaver.
You know. Juliette's
more than just my co-host.
She pretty much
does everything around here.
Hmm.
I draw the line
at picking up his laundry.
But not at getting coffee.
It's self-defense!
Katherine says he's "a bear"
if he doesn't get his java
in the morning.
Who is Katherine?
Oh. that's my beautiful wife.
Juliette was her teacher's aide
in school.
before the layoffs.
You know. I used to
do all of this myself.
and then. uh. as you know.
the podcast blew up. and. uh.
well. I was
just stretched too thin.
"Murderville. USA."
am I right. Al?
Oh. I-I don't think
we should use that term.
-Ah!
-So. uh...
should we get started?
Oh yeah.
The hard-nosed detective.
chompin' at the bit...
I like it. but hold your horse!
We're just waiting
on one more guest.
-Okay.
-Ah. sorry I'm late!
And here she is!
Uh. what is she doing here?
Well. uh.
since we're talking about
the recent string of murders
in Founders Cove.
I thought it might be something
if the honorary mayor
was here with us. too.
Oh. it's something. all right.
So shall we get started?
Oh. yeah.
Juliette?
Count it down. please.
And ten. nine...
Um. I'm thinking of
catching a movie tonight.
if you wanted to join?
I can't. We've got a schedule
to get this draft out.
Four. three...
Good morning. Founders Cove.
and all our subscribers
around the world.
I'm Dean Stark weather.
and you are listening
to Dean's Catch...
caught ya!
A special treat today...
we are broadcasting live
from the Founders Cove
Sheriff's Office.
talking all things...
you guessed it...
"Murderville. U.S. of A."
What the heck?
Now. as usual. my co-host.
Juliette Daestrom.
will be feeding me
your live questions
on the air.
and I'm sure
you will have plenty.
because. today. we are joined
by Detective Jack Kerrigan.
Also. we have Honorary Mayor
of Founders Cove.
Connie Newsome...
and we have somebody
who needs no introduction.
award-winning author.
and local super-sleuth.
Allison Chandler.
Oh! And her sidekick.
"Ahn-drea" Walker.
It's "Andrea."
and I'm not her sidekick.
It's a pleasure
to be here. Dean.
You're talking into the camera.
Well. why don't we
kick things off
by asking Detective Kerrigan
a question?
Detective.
you are the local
respected law enforcement here.
but let's get honest.
Having these two nosing-in
on your investigations.
trying to take all your glory.
well. that must just
stick in your craw. hmm?
-What?
-Is that...
-Is that a real question?
-Oh. come on!
Dean...
we have a message
from Carol in Watertown.
who wants to know
how old Allie is.
-Oh.
-Great question!
Oh...
Well. Carol...
I'm old enough to know better
than to answer that question.
But you're never
too old to exploit
the public's taste for murder.
am I right. Allie?
Uh. I'm not exploiting anyone.
The public loves mysteries.
and. yes. the stakes
can be life and death.
but they have to be.
otherwise. the reader won't
care what happens.
Katherine?
Is everything okay?
Can we please
do without the sound effects?
If I can jump in here. Dean...
it is true that we had
a string of tragedies
here. at Founders Cove.
It is also true
that. without these two.
some of those killers
would still be on the loose.
But I think maybe
this town would be safer
if the police
didn't have to deal with.
Cagney and Lacey over here
getting in the way
in the first place!
Who's Cagney and Lacey?
Okay. I'll explain that
to you later.
You take that back!
I think it's outrageous
that they're using
the recent tragedies
to shamelessly sell books.
Caught ya!
You want to talk
about shameless?
"Mayor Newsome" over there.
she tried to write off
breast implants
-as a campaign expense!
-Okay. that's...
Ohh!
That was a rumor!
It's misappropriation of funds!
-We don't need that.
-It's not true.
Excuse me. what are you doing?
We're in the middle
of a live podcast right now!
If you've got something to say.
say it to us live!
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Look. that's what
journalism's all about.
when it's live...
you just come and y...
What?
I'm so sorry.
Oh. my God...
Oh. my God!
Uh. stop...
stop the podcast.
My-My wife
just committed suicide.
How could she do this?
Dean...
any recent changes
to Katherine's mood or behavior?
She was on some new meds.
Look. I thought
they were working.
I don't know! Maybe
I-I could've done something
to stop this. you know?
You can't blame yourself.
Look. is there somewhere
you can stay tonight?
Someone we can call for you?
Um. no.
No. no. I-I need to be alone.
I'll just go to a hotel
for a few days.
-We'll give you a ride.
-Okay.
Dean. I am so sorry.
No. no. I'm sorry.
for what I said on the show.
I-I didn't mean anything by it.
It was just for the show. okay?
Take him where he wants.
Yes. sir.
Katherine Stark weather
was a second-grade teacher.
Everyone loved her.
Did she leave a note?
No note.
Prescription sedative.
She must've drugged herself
so she wouldn't back out.
sat on the bar stool.
put the noose around her neck.
pushed the button
on the garage remote.
and then. lights out.
Yeah.
The neighbor. Donna Falconer.
saw the garage door open.
She said the deceased was
still moving when she got here.
She tried to help.
but it was too late.
Well. guess that's it. then.
Thanks. guys.
Wait.
Why is CSU leaving
without collecting evidence?
Because this was a suicide.
The neighbor saw
the whole thing happen.
There's no sign
of foul play here.
Come on.
You do realize
you didn't say one word
that entire car ride?
So?
So. I know that face...
it's the face you make
when you think
something doesn't add up.
Okay. in every crime.
there's something
that feels just off...
but this one. it's flawless.
A-A wife commits suicide
while millions of people
are watching and listening
to her husband
on a podcast.
I could not have written
a better alibi.
That's because Dean
doesn't need an alibi.
There's no crime. Allie.
His wife committed suicide.
You saw Dean...
the new tattoo on his hand.
the whitened teeth...
that's a husband
ready for change.
Statistically.
that is the most dangerous kind
of husband.
Oh. it's probably
the window cleaners.
I'll tell 'em to start out back.
What?
Hi! What. no call?
Ahh! I wanted to surprise ya!
You did!
Allie. this is my dad. Kevin.
Oh!
Well. I guess you're not here
to wash my windows. then.
No. but I'm happy to pitch in.
Oh!
Uh. Allison Chandler.
So nice to meet you.
Allie. I know.
I've heard all about you.
Oh. So what brings you
to Founders Cove?
I got a job up in Portland.
but I wanted to stop
and see Andi on my way.
I do. uh.
construction. remodeling.
You must be pretty handsy.
I mean. handy...
you... must be handy.
I'm pretty good with my hands.
or so I've been told.
First. ew! Second.
how long are you staying?
Uh. just overnight.
I gotta go into town.
find a hotel room.
Oh. don't be silly.
There's a guest room
in the main house.
The main house guest room?
Are you sure your butler
won't be upset?
Oh. he sleeps in the shed.
Ah.
I insist.
On one condition...
that you let me cook dinner.
And you... you cook?
Yeah.
Well. then. it's settled.
Andi will show you
where your room is.
and I'm gonna
leave you two to catch up.
I'm just gonna go run an errand.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
I know what you're doing!
I am not doing anything
except getting in my car.
You're gonna go back
to the Starkweathers' garage.
aren't you?
I'm gonna go talk
to her neighbor.
Then I'm coming with you.
No. you're not.
You've got company.
Dad. front door's open!
The guest room's
on the second floor.
I'll be back in an hour. okay?
Let's go!
It's such a shame.
Katherine was
a wonderful spirit.
Do you have any idea what
could've made her so desperate?
Not a clue.
How was her marriage to Dean?
Well. it wasn't perfect.
but what marriage is.
if you know what I mean?
Oh. she knows.
Ahem.
I... I shouldn't gossip.
but. the other day.
I did see a woman
visit the house.
Katherine was
at a parent-teacher conference.
Pretty hair. nice gams.
So much for
Dean's "loyal husband" act.
Yeah. maybe it pushed
poor Katherine over the edge.
Or maybe this woman was
collecting money for charity
or looking for a lost pet.
You wouldn't happen
to have a way
to get into
their garage. do you?
Just to see
if we missed something
that might explain
what happened?
Oh. that's right.
You're that famous novelist
and you're the sidekick.
"Writing partner."
I water Katherine's plants
when they're away.
I'll grab you the key
to the back door.
All right...
You be Katherine.
What? No! You be Katherine.
No. Katherine is short.
I'm tall.
Come on!
Fine. but I am not putting
that noose around my neck.
Fair.
Here.
All right. so... hmm.
Katherine downs
an overdose of pills.
Her mind relaxes. but...
she is conscious enough
to press the button
on the remote.
and seal her fate.
She presses the button
on the remote
to seal her fate!
Would you press the damn button?
I did!
It doesn't work!
Let me see that.
Maybe it broke
when she dropped it.
Well...
Huh!
Batteries are corroded.
So...
the remote wasn't working.
which means
she didn't commit suicide.
Or...
when Katherine pressed it.
it was the last charge it had
before it died.
and she did commit suicide.
Or...
maybe she didn't
open the garage door...
someone else opened it.
We've gotta talk to Dean.
see what he has to say.
He was sitting
next to us on the podcast!
There's no way
that he opened this garage door.
I just want to ask him
some questions.
Can we please give this man
some time to process?
Get him some flowers?
Allison Chandler.
what can I do for you?
We wanted to bring you these.
Ah.
That's sweet. Thanks.
Now. if you don't mind.
I'd like to be alone.
Yup. we understand. Come on!
You know. I had
one teensy. tiny question
about your garage door.
Oh...
I thought you said
you wanted to be alone?
That's just. uh.
one of those phantom flushes.
I should have jiggled
the handle or something.
You can come out now. Juliette!
Look.
We all grieve in different ways.
Oh. I bet you two have "grieved"
at least twice already today.
How'd you know it was Juliette?
Well. aside from
the proximity effect...
where men tend to cheat
with women they work with...
Juliette grazed his arm
when she brought him coffee.
He inhaled as she delivered it.
trying to smell her perfume.
Your neighbor
said that she saw
a woman at your house
Wednesday night.
while your wife was
at parent-teacher conferences.
so I'm guessing it was Juliette?
-No.
I was out of town on Wednesday.
Jules. I can explain everything.
Just give me a... uh...
I can explain. Jules!
Jules!
If the lady with the "nice gams"
is not Juliette. who is she?
That's none of your business!
Oh. really?
Okay. well. I was
gonna ease into this. see.
but it's clear
that you've moved on. so...
the batteries in this remote
are dead.
which means your wife could not
have opened the garage door
with it.
Somebody else must've done it.
and we all know
that Juliette was with us
at the podcast.
Maybe this other mystery woman
is someone we should talk to.
Look.
My wife was depressed.
I wish I could've helped her.
but I couldn't.
Now leave me alone.
No.
We just want to talk.
I don't!
Juliette. we know
you've done anything wrong...
except adultery.
and sleeping with a man
on the day his wife
committed suicide...
Look!
I feel terrible.
I mean. I used to work
with Katherine.
We were friends.
This other woman
that was at the house.
seems like you might know
who she is.
I know
she's been calling him lately.
I checked his phone.
Anyone we know?
She was sitting right across
from you on the podcast.
I was as surprised as anyone.
Not that I knew Dean
and his wife well.
but in my line of work.
you hear all the latest gossip.
As far as I knew.
they were a happy couple.
So why did you go over
to his house the other night?
It's not what it sounds like.
We're just friends.
Dean's not just a "friend"
if you visit him late at night
while his wife is at
a parent-teacher conference.
All right.
We were seeing each other...
Mm.
Romantically.
Is that a crime?
There is a chance
that Katherine
did not commit suicide.
A small chance.
But her neighbor saw her do it.
Again. there is a chance
that it could have been staged.
Again. a very small chance.
Not a small chance...
a regular. full-size chance
that someone killed Katherine.
and staged it as a suicide.
I was with both of you
at the police station
when all of this happened.
so I don't see how any of this
has anything to do with me.
I-I can't think
about this right now.
I have to be in Hair and Makeup
in 20 minutes.
Pfft.
-Okay.
-Ahem.
Another perfect alibi.
What now?
Well...
-Oh!
-Oh.
Oh...!
I thought you two
would be writing.
Oh. we were.
Yeah. we were... we were
hard at work.
which is why
I couldn't go to the movies.
and then we got a surprise
visitor... Andi's dad...
-Oh!
-and now we came here
to get some pie. for dessert.
Yeah.
Unfortunately. they have no pie.
But we can get pie at Rosa's!
-Mm.
-I like pie.
I like pie. too.
Okay. well.
enjoy your visitor...
and your pie.
We will.
What's going on with you two?
-Absolutely nothing! Okay?
-Uh-huh. okay.
Hi there.
are you ready to order?
Hi. Are you really out of pie?
♪ Like a worn-out recording
♪ Of your favorite song
♪ So while she lay there
sleeping ♪
♪ I read the paper in bed...
Okay. you can stop
singing now. Dad.
♪ And in the personal columns
♪ There was this letter
I read ♪
♪ If you like Piña Coladas
No. Don't.
♪ And getting caught
in the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga
♪ If you have half a brain
♪ If you like
making love at midnight ♪
♪ In the dunes of the Cape
♪ I'm the love
that you've looked for ♪
♪ Come with me and escape
Mm-hmm. Great.
Oh. it was. uh. mid-'80s.
I'm building these bookshelves
in Laurel Canyon for a guy.
and he's got guitars everywhere.
I mean.
they're all over the house.
It turns out.
it is Eddie freakin' Van Halen.
-No!
-And he's got
friends coming over.
and they start shredding.
and they are just going off.
and it was... it was crazy.
It was the... the '80s.
Everybody had Camembert
and cocaine in their fridge.
Well. here's
to being young and foolish.
Okay. that's it for me.
-'Night.
Goodnight.
Mm-hmm.
There's nothing better
than embarrassing your kid.
Oh. I absolutely live for that.
-You want...
-Oh. yes. please.
You know. she's pretty lucky
to have you as a dad.
She's pretty lucky to have
a partner in crime like you.
Oh. I don't know about that...
sometimes. I think
she wants to murder me.
Well.
we've had our ups and downs.
This whole "Mr. Mom" thing.
it didn't come easy.
I can relate.
I'm still trying to figure out
the whole "Mrs. Dad" thing.
Ah.
It's like being
two parents at once.
You give twice the love.
you feel twice the pain.
Thank you.
Well. I'm no writer. but...
I see why
they pay you the big bucks.
That is the wine talking.
Well. let's keep it coming.
Mm.
Oh. I love this song.
Mm. Me too.
Mm-hmm?
♪ You've got
this boy believin'... ♪
♪ It's all coming true...
Hi.
This okay?
Yeah.
♪ ...Nothing to do
♪ So I'll be spendin'
all my time... ♪
♪ Gettin' lazy with you
♪ I wanna get lazy with you
♪ Lazy with you
Good morning.
Morning.
Wow...
hey. hey. hey!
Whoa. ho. whoa. Don Juan!
Your daughter lives here. remember?
Well. it'd take a meteor
to wake her before 10:00.
Besides. she's way out
in the guest house.
What is on the menu?
We got pumpkin-spice pancakes.
Ooh. yum! I've got
some maple syrup somewhere.
No whipped cream?
Behave!
That's not what you said
last night.
Ho!
Morning. Dad.
Hey... kiddo! Uh...
You're up early.
You're never up early.
Yeah. Laundry.
Are these pumpkin-spice
pancakes?
Yup. Mm-hmm.
My favorite!
Oh. my God. I'll get the syrup.
Nope! Wait. You don't
have to do that because. uh...
It's okay. I know where it is.
Oh!
Uh... okay.
What the hell are you wearing?
Syrup?
I repeat...
what the hell are you wearing?
Oh. it's. um.
it's a Klaus Von Klaus.
Mm. it's a kimono.
and you never wear kimonos.
I love kimonos.
Did you two...?
Hmm.
Oh. my God. you did.
Oh. my God. you did!
-W-We can explain...
-No!
No! Do not explain!
It's a perfectly natural thing
when two people...
Oh. my God. stop talking!
You're saying the worst words
I've ever heard! Ugh!
Let me get that.
No. I got it!
-I got...
-Dad. I got it!
Fine.
Oh. my god. Dad.
you're not wearing any pants!
And you're not wearing a bra!
Oh. but we didn't think
that you would be up this early.
You both have officially
ruined pumpkin spice for me.
Don't forget your laundry.
Hey. so. um...
it occurred to me
that we have a month
to finish our manuscript.
so. I did the math.
and if we each write
five pages a day.
we should be fine.
So. what do you think?
You get freaky with my dad.
and now
you're just gonna pretend
like nothing ever happened?
I was just taking your advice.
trying to have a little fun.
You know. a "situations hip"
like you and...
So that's what this is about?
Right. right.
So you're still mad at me
for hooking up with Oliver.
so you hook up with my dad
to get back at me?
That is not
what happened at all.
That's exactly what happened!
You used my dad
as a revenge hook-up.
A w...?
You know what?
You're a hypocrite.
How am I a hypocrite?
You can have a "boo thang!"
But can I have a boo thang?
No. no. no...
no boo thang for me.
Stop saying "boo thang"!
I am just calling it like it is.
You know what I think?
I think that you're scared
of what you've got with Jack.
Mm-hmm.
You're scared of your feelings.
you're scared
of falling for him.
so you're sabotaging things
before they even start.
{[door shuts in distance]
Great.
Now look what you've done.
Your dad is leaving.
You chased him away.
Hey! You're gonna leave
without saying goodbye?
Whoa. take it down a notch.
kiddo. I'm not leaving.
I just have to grab
something from in town.
Oh.
God.
Ah. this frickin' thing.
These fobs never work.
Whatever happened
to just using a key?
I know. right?
Wait!
Don't call Triple-A.
Let me see the clicker thing...
No. no. I'm not.
I'm just gonna use the app.
These new trucks.
you can open them. start them.
do whatever...
all from the app.
There...
Ah. see?
That's it!
I know how it happened.
What are you talking about?
The garage door opener
had a Wi-Fi sticker on it.
which means it could've
been opened with an app.
Yes! Yes. yes!
And Dean would've had the app
on his phone!
What am I missing?
We have an errand to run.
I'll be back in an hour.
I love you...
but I'm still kinda mad at you.
Let's go!
Okay. is this some kind
of official investigation?
Well. if it were
an official investigation.
these two would not be here.
but you know what?
We can make it official.
if you want.
Hey. we don't have to do that.
I've got nothing to hide.
So I spoke
with the garage door company.
Your garage door model
is one
that can be opened with an app
from anywhere.
The garage door company
requires a warrant
to share user records...
which I'm working on...
but what we have confirmed
is that the phone that was used
to trigger your garage door
on the day your wife died
was using Wi-Fi
from the police station.
which is exactly where you were
at the time of death.
So you're saying
I opened that door.
that I killed my wife?
-What I'm saying is...
-Oh. cut the crap. Dean!
You were having
multiple affairs.
and you wanted
out of the marriage.
but divorce would mean
that you'd have
to split everything.
including all the money
from the sponsors.
from when Dean's Catch
went viral.
Look. it's not that much.
believe me.
Wow!
Well. the little fancy watch
on your wrist
-says it is!
-I thought we agreed
you weren't going to say
a single word.
My lips are sealed.
Are they?
Yeah. Mm.
Check the app.
Hmm?
I programmed my car
to open the garage door.
He's telling the truth.
This phone
did not open that door.
Let me see.
Okay.
Okay. but look at this...
it says that someone else
opened the garage door
at the time
of Katherine's death.
So who else had the app?
Who else?
It was Connie. all right?
That's how she came and went.
It was easier
than giving her keys.
All right. that's crap!
He's playing us.
Mm!
Connie was
at the police station.
and that's where
the signal came from.
Live in three. Connie.
We have clear skies
and a brisk. westerly wind
for the Founders Cove
Fall Festival.
where residents gather
to celebrate the harvest season
with games. food.
and good times.
I personally cannot wait
for the good. old-fashioned
potluck tonight.
That's all from me.
Connie Newsome.
Back to you
in the studio. Brett.
[camera operator
And... we're out.
For God's sake.
let's get out of here.
Pumpkin pie
makes me want to vomit.
Oh. not yours.
Connie Newsome.
I need to see your phone.
Why?
It may have been used
in the commission of a crime.
-That's ridiculous.
-Well. a judge didn't think so.
This is the warrant.
Thank you.
You have the app that controls
Dean Starkweather's garage.
and your phone was used
to open that garage
at the moment
Katherine Stark weather
was killed.
That can't be.
Okay. Connie Newsome.
you're under arrest
for the murder
of Katherine Stark weather.
Are you serious?
Let's go.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can. and will.
be used against you...
Your arch nemesis
arrested for murder.
I guess you finally win.
It doesn't feel like a win.
Hey. We're gonna go for a walk.
You wanna come?
Oh. um. I've got
a lot of paperwork to do.
and you two need
Daddy-daughter time.
-Okay.
I swear. you are not
getting away with this.
Watching me get arrested
wasn't enough for you?
You needed to see
how I look in orange?
Believe me. Connie...
nothing would give me more joy
than watching you rot in jail.
but I know
that you didn't kill Katherine.
You fell for Dean.
and you I both know
you've always had
terrible taste in men.
Almost as bad as yours.
Do you want my help or not?
Go ahead.
As I was saying.
you have terrible taste in men.
you were desperate
to get rid of Katherine...
You certainly know
what "desperate" feels like.
Are we really gonna do this?
Go on.
All that said.
I know damn well
you wouldn't murder her
to get rid of her.
How do you know for sure?
Your lack of a violent history.
your desperate need
for societal approval.
and...
the fact that this whole thing
was intricately planned.
down to the very last detail.
So you're saying
that I'm not smart enough
to have murdered Katherine?
Yup. more or less.
The real question is
whether Dean
was desperate enough
to kill Katherine
to get out of the marriage.
Honestly. I don't know.
There was no love lost
between those two.
and he promised me
he would leave her. but...
But he was afraid.
if he divorced her.
she would take all of his money.
You don't even know
the half of it!
He sold that podcast
to a big media company
out of New York.
We're talking mega-bucks.
and the kicker is.
I never asked for that damn
garage app on my phone.
It was all his idea!
When did he do that?
About two weeks ago.
So he didn't invite you
into that podcast
to gang up on me and Andi.
He wanted you close to him
so he could get
into your phone and...
use it to open the garage door.
That son of a bitch!
Oh. you can't be
leaving already?
Yeah. the job in Portland...
I gotta get a move-on.
Yeah.
Oh. and the other. uh. project
has been taken care of.
Oh. good. Thanks.
What other project?
-Um. just a bit of carpentry...
-Yeah.
Work upstairs.
What. did you two.
like. break the bed
or something?
-Uh...
-Oh. my God!
I was joking!
Because the thought
of two boomers
breaking a bed having sex
is so ridiculous
it couldn't possibly be true!
So. thank you
for the hospitality.
Oh...
Um. any time.
-Uh...
-Mm. yep. Yep.
This is...
Oh. for God's sakes!
The damage is done.
You two can hug each other.
Right.
I hope to see you soon.
Me too.
-Don't flatter yourself.
-Hmm?
She's just using you
to get over
her own personal stuff.
Ah. I'm fine with it.
I got my own stuff
to work through.
I'm sorry
if. uh. it makes you feel...
Nauseated?
No! Not at all.
You know. it's been just
the two of us for so long.
I forget
it's not my job to be your pal.
It's my job to be your dad.
You were a pretty good Mom. too.
Thanks.
I'm still looking for her.
What are you expecting to find?
I don't know.
That's the point.
Sweetheart. she's gone.
You have to let her go.
I have.
But you two loved each other.
Right. Yeah. look.
I've never told you this. but...
a year before
your mom disappeared.
she had an affair.
With who?
Her boss...
at the shipping company
that she worked at...
Frank Getz.
Everything just started
to fall apart after that.
No.
No. I don't believe it.
No. I was young.
but I remember you two together.
and you were so in love
with each other
up until the very end.
I thought so. too.
But life is...
complicated...
and when you love someone
who doesn't love you back
it's just...
well. I had to let go.
sweetheart...
to survive.
I had a friend do a search...
and he said that Mom's past
has been completely erased.
All of her public records
are gone!
She worked in I.T.
I mean. she had the skills
to do it. if she wanted to.
I think
she's hiding from someone.
Sweetheart. I think
this might be hard to hear.
but maybe it's...
maybe she's hiding from us.
Dean. we have a message
from Carol in Watertown.
Look at this.
It's right at the time
of Katherine's death.
Ugh. I can't see if Connie's
holding her phone or not.
I can't see
if Dean has a phone. either.
but trust me. it is him.
What made you go see Connie?
Hmph. Connie and I have been
at each other for years.
If she's a murderer.
she would've killed me by now.
Your dad left his shaving kit
in the guestroom bathroom.
Hmm. you can deliver it to him.
maybe go for round two.
I'm sorry that you think
I'm getting back at you
for what happened with Oliver.
but that's not what's going on.
It's Jack. isn't it?
Maybe.
What's the problem?
I mean. you think
he's gonna go squirrelly on you
and steal your snowblower?
Wouldn't be the first time.
True.
Okay. we're not
getting anywhere with this.
I need a new angle to see
if Connie has her phone or not.
The only cameras there
were the ones for the pod-show.
"Podcast."
There was probably
another camera.
but it doesn't work.
What other camera?
All police stations
have surveillance cameras.
but you said there's
an ordinance in Founders Cove
that doesn't allow them
to actually record.
Yeah. but that's
a city ordinance.
The Sheriff's Office is County.
Hmm!
Here it is.
Okay. okay.
There's Dean's phone.
Connie was sitting
right next to him.
just like he planned it.
I remember
she put her phone down.
If he picked it up.
we'll see it.
Fast-forward a little.
Okay... here she is.
There he is. Mr. Big-Shot.
laughing and talking.
Well. yuck it up. bozo!
You're about to go down hard.
Okay. here it comes.
Just watch... he's gonna
reach over for that phone...
Shit!
That light's
blocking everything.
Is there another angle?
That's the only camera
in the bullpen.
'Course it is.
Unless someone else...
in the room was recording.
Sorry I'm late.
Of course I have footage!
I recorded the entire interview.
-Here we go...
-Yeah.
A clear view!
Oh. I could kiss you. Norman!
I told you I was essential.
Fast-forward to the time
of Katherine's death. please?
Okay. right there!
Look. there's Dean.
and there's Connie.
Watch what he does
in three. two. one...
for murder. am I right?
Well. I'll be...
Oh. my God.
It was Juliette?
Pause that.
No. it-it can't be.
But it is.
It's Juliette. not Dean.
I never would have guessed.
Me neither.
Well. that's it. Norman.
You solved the case!
He didn't actually solve it.
I'm having dinner
with the President
of the West Coast Chapter
of the Cloudies.
Those Westies always think
they're better than us.
Wait till I tell!
Noah. keep an eye on him.
This can't be happening.
Okay. but it kind of
makes sense. though.
Right? I mean.
Juliette was super-into Dean.
and she hated that he was
fooling around with Connie.
and she's probably the one
who put the app
on Connie's phone.
so she had the password.
All she had to do
was hit the icon
to make the garage go.
So how'd she stage the suicide?
She knew Katherine.
They were friends.
She probably went over
to the house
after Dean had left for work.
and slipped the pills
in her coffee
and then set the whole scene
in the garage.
So you...
you're saying that I was...
wrong?
That's right.
Wh... you were the one
who knew that it was a murder
and not a suicide.
and you knew
that it was Juliette
in Dean's hotel room.
and it was the perfect alibi...
you were right about that!
Going live on air
in front of a million people?
But I-I thought
that Dean was the killer.
You were only off by one person.
-Yeah.
-See you later.
Bye-bye.
Whoa! If it isn't
Founders Cove's finest.
and their
crime-fighting friends!
Hey. Jules. let's go live.
Juliette Daestrom.
you're under arrest
for the murder
of Katherine Stark weather.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Turn around.
Wait. Wait-wait-wait.
Hold up here.
Are you telling me
Juliette killed my wife?
Yeah. she sure did!
And she framed Connie
for it. too.
She thought that.
with Katherine gone
and Connie in prison.
she'd eliminated
the competition.
and could have you
all to herself.
Is this true?
I'm not saying anything
without my lawyer.
Yep.
Juliette Daestrom.
you have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can. and will.
be used against you...
I don't know how you do it.
I didn't do anything.
I thought it was you.
Me? You're kidding.
You may not be guilty.
but you still suck.
Hey. as long as
it pulls in an audience.
I'm okay with that.
I don't know if
you've been on socials lately...
forget I asked...
but...
Norman's video
of the police station?
It's been breaking the internet.
Oh. yeah-yeah-yeah.
You can't have too much video.
Nope.
Well. I'm glad we didn't
forget about Norman.
-Yeah.
-Wait a minute.
The-The surveillance video...
we forgot about it!
What are you talking about?
Are you having a stroke?
We already watched
the police surveillance video.
No. not in the police station...
the donut shop in Montpelier.
where they found
your mom's fingerprints.
There's gotta be
security footage!
Allie. that was three years ago.
It's probably gone by now.
But there was a robbery.
so maybe...
Maybe.
I'll ask Jack.
Great. Okay.
I need to lie down. It's...
Okay.
It's been a long day.
I want to thank you
for your help today.
Did Andi ask you about...
The donut shop? Yeah.
Let me see what I can do.
Mm. good.
But. for the record...
I was not at all helpful.
I got this one totally wrong.
No.
No one bats a thousand.
and this was a tough one
to crack...
just like you.
I'm not "tough to crack".
Allie. whatever's
going on with you.
it's just none of my business.
and I'll just stay out of it.
Thank you.
But. for what it's worth...
the invitation still stands.
If you ever want
to catch a movie with me.
I'll bring the popcorn.
Jack?
Yeah?
I do this thing...
where I-I...
rush into things.
and. uh. it's-it's not good.
so it just might take me
some time to. um...
figure it all out.
Well...
I'm a patient man.
Huh.
Hope that was as awkward
as it looked!
I'm an idiot.
Why?
For overthinking everything...
for being afraid
of my feelings for Jack.
for sleeping with your dad.
Ohh!
I'm supposed to be
the queen of romance.
Why can't I get this right?
I know exactly what you need.
Mm...
this is so effing good!
There is nothing that
a slice of pie can't fix.
Mainly sunny
the rest of the week.
but watch out
for that wind on Saturday.
On a personal note.
I have some big news...
my recent brush with the law
has inspired me
to put pen to paper
and write
my own mystery novel...
"The Forecast is Murder."
-Oh. for God's...
-Are you kidding me?
Of a weather reporter who...
-Can you please turn that off?
-Can you turn that off?
-Thank you.
All right. well...
I figured out
why I'm so off my game.
You're not off your game.
Mm-mm. I am.
It's the whole boo thang thing.
Like. it's fine for you...
I know it is...
but I can't do it.
It's completely
crashed my brain.
It's your kryptonite.
That's exactly what it is!
Remember. when I was mad at you
when you said
that I was with your dad
because I was afraid
of my feelings for Jack?
You were right.
but here's the problem...
I get so swept off my feet
by the romance of everything
that I run off
and I marry the guy.
and then I realize later
that I made a huge mistake.
and I divorce him...
it's a vicious cycle.
At least you're self-aware.
Oh. definitely self-aware.
but enough about me.
I really don't think
you should be mad at your dad.
Mm... did I ask
for your opinion on that?
No. you didn't.
but you're getting it anyway.
I know.
♪ I think this is the start
♪ I think this is the part
♪ When it gets good
♪ This is the part